docs: update expired links and fix internal links (#2842)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/lidar_apollo_segmentation_tvm/design/lidar-segmentation-design.md

## Reference

> Lidar segmentation is based off a core algorithm by [Apollo](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/r6.0.0/docs/specs/3d_obstacle_perception.md), with modifications from [TierIV] (<https://github.com/tier4/lidar_instance_segmentation_tvm>) for the TVM backend.

Reviewer: Based on our brand guidelines.

```suggestion
Lidar segmentation is based off a core algorithm by [Apollo](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/r6.0.0/docs/specs/3d_obstacle_perception.md), with modifications from [TIER IV] (<https://github.com/tier4/lidar_instance_segmentation_tvm>) for the TVM backend.
```

> Lidar segmentation is based off a core algorithm by [Apollo](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/master/docs/06_Perception/3d_obstacle_perception.md), with modifications from [TierIV] (<https://github.com/tier4/lidar_instance_segmentation_tvm>) for the TVM backend.

Reviewer 2: It might be better to have the hash fixed instead of master branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lidar segmentation is based off a core algorithm by [Apollo](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/r6.0.0/docs/specs/3d_obstacle_perception.md), with modifications from [TierIV] (<https://github.com/tier4/lidar_instance_segmentation_tvm>) for the TVM backend.
```
